So that pretty much concludes this class on Shopify Theme programming.
For your class project,
I want you to create your own template section,
snippet, or whole theme if you're feeling adventurous.
As we've seen in this class,
combining liquid code and JSON Schema allows us to
create our own customizable templates and sections.
Now it's your chance to create something you wish
existed and share it with the class if you so choose.
If you would like to learn more about Shopify theme development and theme programming,
follow me online and check out my YouTube channel for additional tutorials.
Finally, if you need any tips or guidance on what we've covered in today's class,
be sure to leave a comment in the discussion box
below and I'll do my best to point you in the right direction.
Thanks as always for watching and I hope to see you again on some of my other classes.